DEVOPS ENGINEER

About Liferay

Liferay, Inc. is a uniquely profitable B2B enterprise software company with 1,200+ fiery-eyed employees all across Europe, the Americas, the Middle East, Asia, and Africa. As a renowned provider of enterprise open source technologies, we have been recognized by Gartner for empowering businesses around the world to solve complex digital challenges. Liferay Experience Cloud is an all-in-one solution that unites our Liferay DXP and cloud platform capabilities with built-in analytics and B2B commerce functionality, reducing the time to market and allowing for accelerated innovation - serving notable customers across the globe such as Airbus, US Bank, Honda, and Desjardins.

But we don’t just make awesome software, we are also fueled by a greater-than-profit vision. By building a vibrant business, making technology useful, and investing in communities, we make it possible for people to reach their full potential to serve others. We give our employees five days off to volunteer at charities they’re excited about, and Liferay donates 10% of our profits to charities around the world. Oh, we’re also self-funded which gives us the freedom to work on whatever we think brings the most value to customers and communities in the long run!


About You and this Role

You enjoy solving problems and thrive in a customer-centric environment. You don’t just focus on operations but also love running systems and software in the real world. The ideal candidate will have progressively stronger experience in distributed systems, Linux/Unix design, networking, and systems and reliability engineering applied in a cloud environment. You are excited about containers, and container orchestration with Kubernetes. One of your passions is to build DevOps tools that make it easier for people to build, deploy and scale apps on our Cloud platform. As a developer in this role, you should love being able to build, ship, and run applications with ease.

This is an opportunity to join the team at a relatively early stage and help us engineer a scalable, hybrid-cloud platform based on Kubernetes to support Liferay customer systems worldwide while gaining top-notch experience in cloud computing. Our charter is to define the next generation of cloud-native infrastructure to serve as the pipeline for teams building Liferay applications to digitally transform businesses worldwide. Container technologies and platforms such as Kubernetes are literally exploding in popularity. Our team is right at the forefront of this technological shift, defining and implementing the next generation hybrid platform for containers, and we want you to join us in this exciting challenge! Apply today to be part of an exceptional team enabling Liferay's portfolio of products on the cloud.


Key Responsibilities

Help drive the technology vision for our Cloud infrastructure
Conduct R&D on Cloud infrastructure technologies (e.g. k8s operators, service mesh, process automation, etc.)
Design crash and test scenarios to improve our resiliency, performance and stability.
Support our release process via our CI/CD tooling
Collaborate with other technical teams with task automation and overall devops and infrastructure best practices;
Work on defining and implementing the next versions of our global Cloud architecture
Close security gaps mapped by our InfoSec and SecOps teams
Support technical teams in a collaborative, enabling environment
Monitor overall health of our ecosystem
Help manage upgrades and patches for systems in our Cloud ecosystem
Help with tickets escalated via our Cloud Customer Care and Support teams
Create and maintain architectural, security and other documentation as needed for each system supported
Provide technical support to internal teams, which include troubleshooting user operating problems, application problems, system configuration issues and malfunctions, and network connectivity and performance operating problems in a cloud environment.

Required Qualifications

BS in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent experience
Experience running and operating Kubernetes on a public cloud
Experience with Docker and Terraform
Experience running and maintaining a 24x7 production environment
Experience scripting in some of the common languages used by system engineers (shell, golang)
Experience operating large-scale distributed systems preferably using GCP
Knowledge of Networking, VPN, identifying and solving network issues
Strong communication and team player skills
Comfortable with Agile practices for delivering iterative solutions to the business
Preferred Qualifications

Experience with at least one of the following managed Kubernetes services:
Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)
Experience in automating development processes and environments.
Experience implementing full CI/CD (continuous integration/continuous delivery) pipelines.
Experience with LetsEncrypt integrated with Kubernetes
Experience with Linux, MySQL, NGINX, Tomcat, Git, Jenkins.
Any of the following certifications:
Google Cloud Certified Professional Cloud Architect
Google Cloud Certified Professional DevOps Engineer
Google Cloud Certified Professional Cloud Security Engineer
Google Cloud Certified Professional Cloud Network Engineer

What We Offer

Salary package w/ competitive benefits according to qualifications and experience
Opportunities to take responsibility, grow professionally, and Stay Nerdy
A positive and collaborative work culture
Check out what employees say about us on Glassdoor
Working at a leading open-source company
Equal Opportunities Employer - Statement

Liferay is committed to the equal treatment of all candidates, customers and employees and to fostering a culture of dignity at work. Our operating procedure provides for equal opportunities in recruitment and employment with the aim to eliminate discrimination against any job applicant or employee on the basis of race, age, sexual orientation, gender or gender reassignment, religion or beliefs, marital or civil partnerships status, family or dependency status, disability, pregnancy and maternity or membership of a traveling community.